We're now going to take a look at how we can delay processing of this job right here for about the 15
minutes or so.
I first want to show you how we just add in any kind of arbitrary delay and we'll make sure that we
put in the correct delay or essentially the 15 minute delay.
So to get started as a second argument to the ADD function, I'm going to put in an options object inside
of this.
I'm going to provide a property called DeLay.
And yep, this does exactly what you would guess.
We're going to put in a number of milliseconds.
So whatever millisecond value we put inside of here, that is going to be an extra delay that is added
in before we receive this job back from Redis to be processed by this process statement over here.
So if right now let's try adding in an arbitrary delay of 10 seconds, we'll just hardcoded directly
in.
So 10 seconds in milliseconds would be 10,000.
I'll put in 10,000 like so.
And then save this.
Well, then go through that process of creating a ticket once again and then creating an order for it.
And then we'll make sure that we see a console log from our process statement after about 10 seconds
or so.
So over in post, man, I'm going to once again create a new ticket.
There's my ticket.
I'll grab the ID.
I'll go back to where I'm creating an order.
And I'll update the ticket ID and the body of the order.
And then really quickly, before I send this request off, I am going to go backward to my terminal
and I'm going to clear this thing out.
If you're on macOS, you can hit Command K and it should clear out your terminal window.
So this is just going to make it a lot easier to see that 10/2 delay.
So I'm going to send this off and then going to very quickly flip back over to my terminal and hopefully
we will see about 10 seconds pass.
Okay, here we go.
So I'm going to click look back over.
I see all my events.
I also see that expiration receive that as well.
And then after about 10 seconds or so.
On.
There we go.
10 seconds in the future, we then see that console.log.
All right.
So that's it.
Pretty straightforward for adding in that delay.
Not the worst thing in the world.
Now, here's where the real challenge comes in.
We need to somehow figure out how to put in a very precise delay right here.
How are we going to do that?
Remember, we want it to be about 15 minutes or so.
But what we really have available to us is the current time, the time at which we receive this incoming
data event.
And then inside of this data object right here, you'll recall that we've also got a timestamp of expires
at that is when we want to expire or essentially process this job right here.
So we need to calculate a time from right now, the time at which we are running this function to the
timestamp that is listed inside of expires at.
Well to do so it's just going to require a little bit of knowledge of the JavaScript date object.
So right above the add statement, we're going to add in fonts delay.
And this is going to be a new date.
We're going to stick in this thing.
Data expires at and we'll call get time on it that is going to give us a time in milliseconds.
We'll see some actual console logs of what these values are.
Let's just write out some more code first, then we'll subtract from that new date dot get time.
That's the current time.
So this should give us the difference between this time out at some point in time in the future or the
expires that time and the current time right now.
Right after that, just for logging purposes, I'm going to put in a console log of waiting.
This many milliseconds to process the job.
And then I'll put on.
DeLay like so.
And then I'll make sure that I make use of delay rather than the hardcoded 10,000 milliseconds.
Yes.
Let's save this and we're going to test this out one more time.
Now, do remember that we are hard coding that expiration, I believe, to be 15 minutes right now.
We can go back over to our order service and take a look at the route handlers, specifically the new
rabbit handler.
That's where we decided on what that expires was going to be the expiration and we had set the actual
expiration time up here.
And so it looks like, yep, we do in fact have 15 minutes just to make this a little bit easier to
test.
Let's kind of round this down a little bit.
Let's turn down to just one minute right now.
So I'm going to put in one time 60.
Well, then save that.
I'm going to make sure that I save the order, create the listener, and then we'll go give this thing
a very quick test.
Yeah.
So once again, back inside a postman again.
We're going to create a new ticket.
I'm going to grab that things ID.
I'll then create an order.
But first stick in the updated ticket ID.
I'll go an update or clear out my terminal really quickly once again.
And I'll send that off.
And now we should see waiting this many milliseconds to process the job.
And we see just under 60 milliseconds.
That's just 60,000 milliseconds.
That's just about just under just ever so slightly under 60 seconds or one minute, which is exactly
what we expect.
So now we're essentially just going to sit around for a minute and after one minute we should see that
console.log that says, I want to emit the expiration complete event.
Naturally, I'm not going to make you wait a minute in this video.
So we'll just pause right here, come back to the next video and just make sure we see that console.log
appear.